masterpiece, best quality, create a detailed digital painting in a 90s retro anime fantasy style, taking inspiration from MythP0rt and Fred Fraiche featuring a muscular bald human barbarian wide shoulders with flames on his face, his is shirtless, rage screaming at the viewer while holding a flaming battleaxe attached to a black chain. Flaming Black chains wrap across his battle-scarred chest. His face is well lit by the flames of his weapon, and his full frame is  visible in the shot.  The background should contain the sillouette of a horned human figure looming behind our subject, the rest filled in with mountains and flames. The artwork should be inspired by the Renaissance. Focus on creating a captivating and imaginative portrayal of this unique character,  Cinematic, beautiful, vibrant, masterpiece,  amazing quality, amazing artist, detail texture, full view, atmospheric lighting, amazing visuals. No text or watermarks appear in the image. <lora:RetroAnimeFluxV1:0.8>  <lora:FluxMythG0thicL1nes:0.7>   <lora:Anime Art V3:.8> 


masterpiece, best quality, create a detailed digital painting in a 90s retro anime fantasy style, taking inspiration from MythP0rt and Fred Fraiche featuring a strong bald human barbarian wide shoulders with flames on his face, he wears simple commoner's clothes with muscles rippling underneath, gritting teeth and staring intently at the viewer while holding a flaming battleaxe attached to a black chain. Flaming Black chains wrap across his battle-scarred chest. His face is well lit by the flames of his weapon, and his full frame is visible in the shot. The background should contain the sillouette of a horned human figure looming behind our subject, the rest filled in with mountains and flames. The artwork should be inspired by 90s retro anime and flat epic fantasy paintings. Focus on creating a captivating and imaginative portrayal of this unique character, Cinematic, beautiful, vibrant, masterpiece, amazing quality, amazing artist, detail texture, full view, atmospheric lighting, amazing visuals. <lora:RetroAnimeFluxV1:0.6> <lora:FluxMythG0thicL1nes:0.7> <lora:Anime Art V3:1>